Use Rarimo's beta network when user switches to a testnet in MetaMask (#7)
rarimo/rarime: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.3.3] - 2023-09-27
### Changed

> - `@rarimo/rarime`: separate `beta` and `mainnet` details in config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@rarimo/rarime`:  use Rarimo's beta network when user switches to a testnet in MetaMask
```

> ## [Unreleased]

Reviewer: Delete
